Sample Count Improvements (#54)
WaveBeans/wavebeans: docs/user/api/operations/projection-operation.md

To use your own type you need to define how to measure it

One way is to implement the `io.wavebeans.lib.stream.Measured` interface for you class:

```kotlin
data class DoubleSample(val one: Sample, val two: Sample) : Measured {
    override fun measure(): Int = 2
}
```

Another way is to register it before it's being executed, preferrably to be used for the classes you can't extend like SDK classes:

```kotlin
data class DoubleSample(val one: Sample, val two: Sample)
SampleCountMeasurement.registerType(DoubleSample::class) { 2 }
```

And now you can use it:

```kotlin
440.sine().window(2)
        .map { DoubleSample(it.elements[0], it.elements[1]) }
        .rangeProjection(100, 200)
```

If you won't register the type, during execution you'll have an exception like `class my.wavebeans.DoubleSample is not registered within SampleCountMeasurement, use registerType() function or extend your class with Measured interface`

> The following types are built-in:

Author: ```suggestion
The following types have built-in support:
```

* `Number` -- always return 1 
* `Sample` -- always return 1 
* `FftSample` -- measured as the `window.step` it is built on top of. 

> * `List<T>` -- measured as a sum of length of all corresponding elements of type `T`. Doesn't support nullable elements, will throw an exception.

Author: ```suggestion
* `List<T>` -- measured as a sum of lengths of all corresponding elements of specified type `T`. Doesn't support nullable types, will throw an exception if hit on one.
```
